Update icacherefresher (#5866)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: 10/umbraco-cms/reference/cache/icacherefresher.md

## What is an ICacheRefresher

This interface has been in the Umbraco core for a significant period. However, it has really only been used to ensure that content cache is refreshed among all server nodes participating in a load balanced scenario.

> With changes in 6.1, this has changed slightly. An `ICacheRefresher` is now the primary method. It invalidates *any* cache needing refreshment or removal. This applies regardless of a load balanced environment.

Reviewer: Seems this content has been here for a while as it is mentioning v6.1. In this case we should remove the version and only keep what is essential in this case.
```suggestion
An `ICacheRefresher` is the primary method that invalidates *any* cache needing refreshment or removal. This applies regardless of a load balanced environment.
```
